A traditional box score for a basketball game provides the total rebounds for a player, perhaps split by defensive and offensive rebounds. Of course, if player X is in the game longer than player Y, then X will have more opportunities to collect a rebound than Y. As a result, a player's rebounding numbers might not indicate his skill in getting a rebound, but rather the amount of time that he played in the game. Enter rebounding percentages, which calculates a player's rebounds as a percentage of the amount of rebounding opportunities that he is given. Such a metric gives us a more accurate measurement of rebounding skill. In "FINAL_REPORT_PLAYER," each player's defensive rebounding percentage (DR%) and offensive rebobunding percentage (OR%) are calculated.

Still, rebounding is as much a team effort as it is an individual one. Certain things that a player does can put their team in better position to rebound the ball, even if that player does not getting the rebound himself (boxing out, for instance). It thus seems a good idea to identify entire lineups (a group of 5 player on the floor) that rebound well, regardless of which individual player is doing the rebounding. A lineup's rebounding percentage is the rebounds the lineup makes divided by the amount of rebounding opportunities the lineup is given. IN "FINAL_REPORT_LINEUPS," each lineup's defensive rebounding percentage (DR%) and offensive rebobunding percentage (OR%) are calculated.

Lastly, we are interested in the amount of time that each lineup played. Out of the hundreds of lineups used throughout the season, some have only totalled a few seconds of playing time. If we want to draw decent conclusions about the overall rebounding skill of lineups, it would only be possible with a lineup that has played significant minutes; after all, a lineup that played for 10 seconds and went 0/2 in rebounds is hard to draw conclusions from. So, after my program writes "OUTPUT_LINEUPS," I take only the top used lineups in my final report to the coach in "FINAL_REPORT_LINEUPS."
